So how are we gonna do this?
We're gonna make it part
of the requirements,
make it part of your definition of done.
So how do you ensure accessibility
isn't skipped or missed?
You make it part of your culture,
so include it in ticket stories or
issues kind of hovered terminology you
use, make sure that team members in
various roles are on board,
like PMs, design, development, QA.
We wanna include it as
acceptance criteria so
we could surface it at a good time
before something has shipped.
And if you have to learn the hard way
about getting an audit at the 11th hour
and having to go back and fix it, that's
a good learning opportunity [LAUGH].
Hopefully, you can fix stuff
a little bit earlier next time.
Hard earned experience, that's for sure.
Because it is way more costly
to fix after the fact.
Question.
>> I had a quick question.
I don't know how feasible this is, but
I guess this is a slightly unethical tip.
Is there anything you can do
to get your company under
fire to make them at [LAUGH] more
of a risk of getting out of it.
>> I like the way you're thinking here.
No, probably not a great idea.
I mean, we're all in that boat together.
So, I mean, yeah, I'm not sure,
I haven't ever really tried that.
It's like-
>> Yeah,
good
>> Good here.
>> [LAUGH]
>> [LAUGH] Yeah, I'm not sure.
I think pushing for some user testing to
gain insight into the areas
that are not working well.
It's kind of that internal motivation
instead of the external motivation.
But do what you gotta do.
[LAUGH] Just don't tell
anyone I told you to do that.
[LAUGH] So we wanna make
accessibility an actual requirement.
And kind of funny story is I worked
on projects where accessibility,
like WCAG 2.1 AA or 2.2 AA, will be
listed in a document somewhere, like
we're aiming to meet it, but then there's
literally no process to actually do it.
Kind of a smell.
It's a process smell.
So it's one thing to
list it as a requirement.
It's another to actually uphold
it throughout the process.
So we wanna actually uphold it
throughout [LAUGH] the process.
So that we are true to our
word that it is a requirement.
I think people are just released with
it actually being part of the regular
workflow.
But there are so many things that I've
shared with you today and in the web
app accessibility workshop that there
have to be some levers you could pull.
I've told you everything I
know about accessibility,
probably more than I even
wanted to share with you.
So there are definitely some ways that
we can make accessibility a reality.
It takes a will to do it.
You have to kind of be brave and
go swim against the grain or swim upstream
a little bit sometimes to be, be like, no,
really, we have to change this process.
So make it repeatable.
Find ways to remind people
in a diplomatic way.
Build it into your automated tests.
Get those working, get those passing.
Build it into performance reviews.
How's that for an idea.
Like that get blame thing,
as a manager, looking in terms of what
performance looks like,
what if accessibility was a category?
I haven't heard of anyone doing that.
It may be for accessibility teams.
But I think if you have some
hotshot developer who always ships
inaccessible code,
maybe that should make them less hotshot.
Maybe that's not helpful.
So let's gauge performance
factor quality and
accessibility into performance and
interviews,
because we can ask people about this in
interviews on both sides of the table.
So yeah, let's ask about it,
see if it's in their process or not.
How does this factor into performance and
metrics?
Now we're talking.